## Keywords to search 
- [Keywords]()

## Bash keywords
```text
language:bash password
language:bash pwd
language:bash ftp
language:bash dotfiles
language:bash JDBC
language:bash key-keys
language:bash send_key-keys
language:bash send,key-keys
language:bash token
language:bash user
language:bash login-singin
language:bash passkey-passkeys
language:bash pass
language:bash secret
language:bash credentials
language:bash config
language:bash security_credentials
language:bash connectionstring
language:bash ssh2_auth_password
```

## Python Keywords
```text
language:python password
language:python pwd
language:python ftp
language:python dotfiles
language:python JDBC
language:python key-keys
language:python send_key-keys
language:python send,key-keys
language:python token
language:python user
language:python login-singin
language:python passkey-passkeys
language:python pass
language:python secret
language:python credentials
language:python config
language:python security_credentials
language:python connectionstring
language:python ssh2_auth_password
```
**Example :** `“bugcrowd.com” password language:bash`

***Source***
**https://orwaatyat.medium.com/your-full-map-to-github-recon-and-leaks-exposure-860c37ca2c82**




